README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<h1>Lazier AE2</h1>

A [Minecraft] mod to make your life with [Applied Energistics 2][ae2] a little easier.

[![Version][version_badge]][version_link]
[![Total Downloads][total_downloads_badge]][curseforge]
[![Workflow Status][workflow_status_badge]][workflow_status_link]
[![License][license_badge]][license]

[Discord] | [CurseForge]

</div>

## **📑 Overview**
This is a mod for [Minecraft]-[Forge].<br>
It's a port of the [LazyAE2] mod for modern [Minecraft] versions.

It adds some useful machines that will make your late-game [Applied Energistics 2][ae2] experience less grindy.


## **🔧 Installation**
1. Download the latest **mod jar** from the [releases] or from [CurseForge].
2. Install Minecraft [Forge].
3. Drop the **jar file** into your mods folder.
4. Make sure you also have [Applied Energistics 2][ae2] installed


## **💚 Credits**
Credits for the original mod go to [phantamanta44][author].<br>
Although this is a complete rewrite, credits for the idea should be given!

The mod is ported with permission.


## **⏰ Changelog**
Everything related to versions and their release notes can be found in the [changelog].


## **🎓 License**
This project is licensed under the [MIT license][license].


<!-- Badges -->
[version_badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge?include_prereleases&style=flat-square
[version_link]: https://github.com/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge/releases/latest
[total_downloads_badge]: http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/full_489843.svg?badge_style=flat
[workflow_status_badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge/CI?style=flat-square
[workflow_status_link]: https://github.com/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge/actions
[license_badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge?style=flat-square

<!-- Links -->
[minecraft]: https://www.minecraft.net/
[ae2]: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/applied-energistics-2
[discord]: https://discord.com/invite/ThFnwZCyYY
[curseforge]: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lazierae2
[forge]: http://files.minecraftforge.net/
[lazyae2]: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lazy-ae2
[releases]: https://github.com/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge/releases
[changelog]: CHANGELOG.md
[license]: LICENSE

Commit message:

add wiki to readme and fix author url

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<h1>Lazier AE2</h1>

A [Minecraft] mod to make your life with [Applied Energistics 2][ae2] a little easier.

[![Version][version_badge]][version_link]
[![Total Downloads][total_downloads_badge]][curseforge]
[![Workflow Status][workflow_status_badge]][workflow_status_link]
[![License][license_badge]][license]

[Discord] | [CurseForge]

</div>

## **📑 Overview**
This is a mod for [Minecraft]-[Forge].<br>
It's a port of the [LazyAE2] mod for modern [Minecraft] versions.

It adds some useful machines that will make your late-game [Applied Energistics 2][ae2] experience less grindy.


## **🔧 Installation**
1. Download the latest **mod jar** from the [releases] or from [CurseForge].
2. Install Minecraft [Forge].
3. Drop the **jar file** into your mods folder.
4. Make sure you also have [Applied Energistics 2][ae2] installed


## **📖 Wiki**
If you want to know more about the machine interfaces, their functionality and how to alter
recipes, you can read more on the [wiki].


## **💚 Credits**
Credits for the original mod go to [phantamanta44][author].<br>
Although this is a complete rewrite, credits for the idea should be given!

The mod is ported with permission.


## **⏰ Changelog**
Everything related to versions and their release notes can be found in the [changelog].


## **🎓 License**
This project is licensed under the [MIT license][license].


<!-- Badges -->
[version_badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge?include_prereleases&style=flat-square
[version_link]: https://github.com/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge/releases/latest
[total_downloads_badge]: http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/full_489843.svg?badge_style=flat
[workflow_status_badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge/CI?style=flat-square
[workflow_status_link]: https://github.com/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge/actions
[license_badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge?style=flat-square

<!-- Links -->
[minecraft]: https://www.minecraft.net/
[ae2]: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/applied-energistics-2
[discord]: https://discord.com/invite/ThFnwZCyYY
[curseforge]: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lazierae2
[forge]: http://files.minecraftforge.net/
[lazyae2]: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lazy-ae2
[releases]: https://github.com/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge/releases
[wiki]: https://github.com/AlmostReliable/lazierae2-forge/wiki
[author]: https://github.com/phantamanta44
[changelog]: CHANGELOG.md
[license]: LICENSE
